# Window geometry
padding.width: 2 		#
padding.height: 2 		#
border.width: 3
window.client.padding.width: 0  #
window.client.padding.height: 0 #
window.handle.width: 0

#Menu geometry
menu.border.width: 3
menu.overlap.x: -8
menu.overlap.y: 0

# Border colors
window.active.border.color: #ABB6CB
window.inactive.border.color: #6D7A95
window.active.client.color: #ffffff	#
window.inactive.client.color: #cccccc	#

# Text shadows
window.active.label.text.font: shadow=n
window.inactive.label.text.font: shadow=n
menu.items.font: shadow=n
menu.title.text.font: shadow=n

# Window
window.label.text.justify: Center

window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #202020
window.label.text.justify: center
window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color:#ffffff

# Menus
menu.title.bg: Flat Solid
menu.title.bg.color: #cccccc
menu.border.color: window.active.border.color
menu.title.text.color: #111111
menu.title.text.justify: Center

menu.separator.color: #ABB6CB
menu.separator.width: 1
menu.separator.padding.width: 6
menu.separator.padding.height: 3

menu.items.bg: Flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color: #F7F3EF
menu.items.text.color: #888888
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #808080

menu.items.active.bg: Flat Solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: #ABB6CB
menu.items.active.text.color: #222222
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color: #808080

# OSD

osd.bg:                     solid flat
osd.bg.color:               #F7F3EF
osd.label.bg:               solid flat
osd.label.bg.color:         #F7F3EF
osd.hilight.bg:             solid flat
osd.hilight.bg.color:       #ABB6CB
osd.unhilight.bg:           solid flat
osd.label.text.color:       #222222
osd.unhilight.bg.color:     #dddddd